dad
unknown there is still a year on the one hand if she did not waste time
22 years old one meter 95 a year at the pros with the harbor club
before the big jump last summer
it really takes basically it is the sector points
the two unionists of the man on
the study is why prove it
while she is in me I saw them on TV
became reality in the month of June against all odds by this is chosen
in 56th position of the draft 2010 by the rises of atlanta
an unexpected opportunity for him
to prove oneself in the usas what can come are done on the spot
to can
thomas more me i always have everybody
of good source my project this stage we will do things as and when
we want
villalba in the country and the types of attack as soon as possible
likes to take a maximum% to be able to bring enough sadly
but here's where we do what I can do
in the list that you
waiting to talk to the big league natixis continues to learn
NBDL
sent to the flash of the heap at the beginning of January the back knows beginnings
challenging with an average of 7 points 4 rebounds and 2 assists in eight games
in the development league a tricky situation to handle for a
22 year old kid
but fortunately for him no site and well surrounded take a thin woman
cadence that goes necessarily because
because they can not necessarily make choices to make laurent there are
difficult moments
compact and the people in his basketball gold they went through there aïssaoui
we see and it gets along did it
diving into the basketball pot from a young age to the rear formed
at the haven has all the ingredients to win over the Atlantic
to him to grab the springboard
for children spread his wings
in Libya